Hey Sword if you look for me and see this, the way you handled shit in our relationship was not good at all! Please seek more help. You may think we ended on good terms but you had then dumped Kayson on me for god knows what reason and thats not okay. At least say goodbye before leaving. Also I did not feel loved, you did in fact unintentionally cast me away. I feel like you weren't even really stating boundaries to me if I did things that made you uncomfortable but when I ended our friendship after breaking up w u even then you didn't actually care that much... I don't want to say anything but you really just didn't seem eager in keeping me around, I heavily believe you loved Clef more instead of both of us equally and YES i get it you have a 'fp' but, you really just lost interest at all the second you and Clef were together. You really made me feel left out on the affection and like I was just the temporary partner while you were pining for them. Well, we won't be talking at all anymore so whatever I write here doesn't actually matter but please evaluate how you interact with partners and PLEASE PLEASE actually state boundaries. Especially with minors for christ sake.

Sorry if I don't understand but it really was a big problem. I'm still at the belief that our friendship and relationship didn't matter to you as much as I thought. Please think on that and whether you can actually HANDLE having relationships before agreeing to them / asking someone else.

I have not abruptly isolated myself or haven't had a spiral since we parted. Don't think of it as an attack but take it as criticism. I at least said goodbye to you but you didn't even give YOUR friend a heads up. PLEASE don't ditch people without explanation.

Also you kind of made me feel like I had to be interested in what you were interested in for you to care... Yes I did kind of try to rebel with a lot of fandom hopping and not really engaging but that's because of how I felt.

I'm sorry but seriously even if Kayson was thankfully not that effected it still kind of pissed me off and made me wish I had been a lot more direct instead of focussing on ending on a good note.
